hey my name is Mark and I'm part of the
keeper tribe today we tested the Honda
Fit IX but I actually was interested in
purchasing one of these for myself and I
was happy that I got a chance to test
this one today I like to color even it's
a little old man gray let's call it you
know I'm right there I've owned a couple
of Honda Civics in the past I love hot
equality I love the Honda cars that I've
owned this fits right in with what I
expected from Honda the car has plenty
of room in the back to store things and
haul groceries you could I camp a lot so
I would fill that back area with tents
and gear and equipment and it would be
perfect for a two-person road trip it
had adequate size inside for a guy
that's six foot three I was very happy
with that a lot of leg room plenty of
leg room
yes I really like that everything except
the headrest kind of hit me in the wrong
place it almost feels like it's on
backwards I I'm not the kind of guy who
buys new cars I my cars are dated so the
technology is dated as well okay let's
see what the mystery is here with the
key fob right just hit start falling
brake press it there you go
like the smear has a camera on it oh you
got rid of camera it's got great
visibility inside these funny little
windows now or popping up on all these
covers adjustable steering wheel which I
like I telescopes out is a great size it
fits nice has controls on the steering
wheel as the the paddle shifters got a
great sunroof very nice works easy none
of the features seem to work though when
the car is off so it's not like you can
turn the car to the accessory spot and
then open your sunroof I do a lot of
short commuting and it would be a great
car to drive in the city handles well
the brakes I thought were very good the
acceleration was very very adequate not
fantastic not adequate acceleration is
not bad
doesn't have big cup holders a lot
couplers we got kind of one over here I
think I've got two over here
you gotta has something to put your big
gulp in or your venti latte I would
definitely be interested in purchasing
one of these and keeping it for sometime
you